Farrow before here is that we have a team Deathmatch on Wettringen
CB 5 is playing here
is something a bit older to play
OM I just want to bring you a bit of variety in the
all for the spö
games
i say rome of ans is hailed by sanner blair 15
Quotation marks he
that does not know mine the multiplayer seems to be quite nice
But personally, that's not my thing
Here I say now
and
I'm really more the player who played the headboards and it says that
i really wanted to unpack this old tele5 threats is easy
that could not give my best I just got around in the mountains
So a bit of exercise was Dohr talking
we may yet see in the end
I have almost nothing unlocked here
and Preda is not the best in the game reports game actually on the PC
started
and I'm always open the CS is not as easy as this
with the account
You do not have to first with a new weapon and the whole
they are capable of being nice 0 2 3 on the sack
and can offer me here
Sit back and speak
let me on the set crown
the fun as I said around
and wanted where is actually a game that I am there is no fir
right Huber no
October Porten Weapons and no immediate ones were against Cham
frantic
I think they were
you look
one had only played the penultimate one at that time
and that it builds up from the playing style he finds similar to Black Ops so
What that is it is the Cheerful sang the engine but I just want
say so the feeling in itself concerns
and I just think that makes
in the overall impression of the very balanced ESP
took what has helped me very well in front of such games is just cool too
at least remain open or asked
You do not have to call around all the time, that's something I always have
helped with these games
and
helps me now, for example, to get the dogs
It is so advised CB 500 compared to Black Ops their dogs are the dogs
limited in time
and
a nice feature you have not known that yet
the dogs in Black Ops if they are
So friendly are when they collect from your team
the dogs are not against you
then the dogs were badly wounded so who did this visa say this
rewarded
embarrassing failure blond confidence so going in that direction
and
if it is finally then the dogs are black the black ops just like in the
The aim of the 5 has left you so
It does not seem like a nice feature case
So he just takes care of it
you have to say summer sun
Barlow off
I find him here as most play here with Hagan Nord and the in
the 40th
presented here is very very very strong weapon you have to say that
her client Iran
if I already strong
so it's got one
Of course, only my weapon used my very very often in man man device
disrepute
So even if in Black Ops I say a two three GB Smith Arfa
Marseille has uploaded, that is, then it means of course closer to
Remains of dissenters
I stand there completely because it is always the same always new
Weapon to see
yes and I have now tried hard in Black Ops
It's very useful for training mode and it has weapons to test
look on
with which weapon am I even clear
I would like to be completely honest I would reluctant to place you in the playoffs
calm
totally from Lucerne and Unna weapon
that of course I also enjoy commenting on this site
and if it's really not fun then it's hard there being natural
joins commenting over
when Prussia Tele 5 liked the place
write me a comment and of course give me a tree too
still with me here Yzer fits the video
then I also want more of these from the investors
otherwise said
Of course, next time I have my agenda too, "I say
to attack next March
he is firmly planned and definitely will
otherwise it is like that
SC let the players want to free me out half way out there
Maybe Mainz where he was much of the injuries
the Vokoun at
I would also like to continue this series
that's the way things are
There are many many topics I would like to do with you
together
and from the workers for me also some
Manila and asks what is going on at the moment private railways
the OVG complained Lady of Vermeer last weekend
that means you have to play the university race on Saturday
Wittemann bit stressful now unfortunately I destroy attempts Euro
Nevertheless, to regularly young people who upload the people
otherwise
it is so now I am now five days from Thursday in London
So we will have to look at the city
I was in Dortmund last year
and unfortunately we did not have the opportunity to look at everything completely
TuS Lingen said fly this year again
it is so towering for that concerns I have done very little
At the moment it has to concern him
That's because I upload the whole King Place here on the Intel
can see
it is so i took on the area for the guests on underneath
All the South takes care of the guests including trying only for videos too
to care
that of course not in sight super that the guests so many videos of me
I do not have a farm shop or it has our canal
Today it is common for the channel to become so full of news of various kinds
Headquarters with two is whether they are now
around Black Ops I'm glad it was always that kind of
alternates
and we have now got such a small overview what is currently
So much encouragement for this GmbH deposit has pleased you
I would be happy if he will thumb up and
would say first